<LI><I>Commentary updated 30 March 2020.</I>

<LI>Generally, trends are easier to see on a cumulative plot, as
changes are inherently more noisy.  However, this view is better
to see whether a country has peaked or not.

<LI>Daily increases in absolute numbers have been nearly constant for
several days in Finland and Iceland.  This is likely to an indication
that the infection rate in these countries is peaking, though we wont
be sure until it has been going down again for more than a week.
Certainly, exponential growth is no longer occurring in these
countries.

<LI>Norway was growing exponentially until 26th March, but since then
has been decreasing, Three days is not long enough to have confidence
that Norway has peaked, as daily change data is always noisy, but it
hints that it might have done so, especially relatively good news from elsewhere
in the Nordic region.

<LI>Denmark and Sweden have very similar exponential increase rate
profiles for the last two weeks. In both countries there is a hint of
a slow decrease below exponential in the last two days, but it's not a
long enough trend to say anything with confidence.

<LI>Ten days ago, Estonia looked like it had peaked, but this behviour
has happened in other rountries such as Denmark, where a large number
of case are imported.  The imported cases are mostly tracked down,
leading to a dip, then growth again as transmission that was missed
grows.  The peak the last four days may be an echo of the original
imported peak - this happened in Denmark and Sweden too, though their
echoes were less pronounced.